Samplifier is a free HEDIS hybrid measure sample size calculator to be rendered as a single page web application for use by current and potential health payer clients of Indicina, LLC. Following redirection from the Indicina website or navigation to www.samplifier.app, clients will be prompted for authentication on the sign in or sign up webpage. Authentication will include OAuth 2.0 and OIDC functionality for Google and Microsoft. Following successful authentication and authorization, clients will be prompted to set two calculator parameters, specifically product line and default oversample percentage. Settings data will provide inputs for the validation and processing of a standardized XML-formatted HEDIS datafile to be uploaded by the client. Following validation against a locally stored schema, the XML data will be uploaded to object storage as a document. From object storage, specified HEDIS metadata and hybrid measure data will be queried and extracted using serverless functions to provide input data to compute the lowest reported rate (%), for each eligible hybrid measure. Subsequent computations will compare the lowest rate for each measure to a reference data array containing measure rates and corresponding minimal required sample sizes (MRSS). The calculator output will list the computed MRSS for each hybrid measure as well as the final sample size (FSS) as determined by the user setting for the default oversample percentage. The oversample percentage for each eligible measure will be adjustable on the output webpage using client-side processing to increase or decrease the FSS at each 0.5%-point change by the user of the oversample percentage. The final export will consist of a downloadable PDF or CSV report that is formatted to render cleanly to one page.